Contributions:

Jason: I created the backend for this project. The backend consists of two files, main.py and functions.py. Main.py contains the app routes, which are the endpoints in which data from the front end is received and new data is returned. In order to process data, main.py utilizes functions from functions.py. I also created our 'MongoDB' database on Mongo Atlas - the functions in function.py use mongoengine to communicate to this database. Such functions include: "parseCodeFile()," which constructs a codesnippet object by parsing "Code.txt" line by line and then uploads the codesnippet to the database; "updateProfile()" which creates a user profile based on the user's google ID (if no profile already exists) and then updates the profile with the problem they just completed; and various functions that return code problems based on an identifier, like id (ids unique integers created by hashing the problem's name) or language (i.e. "/Java" returns all the java problems). I also did frontend work in TypingComponent.js to update the profiles and made the profile page.


Hirish: I created the template for this project. I also added worked heavily with Zoey on creating a front-end that would allow the user to navigate between coding problems. Additionally, I also created code to loop through the coding list and return the coding problem relevant to the user. I also assisted a lot with debugging multiple issues and connecting the front end and backend. Most of my work is pair programming with Zoey.


Jeffrey: I created the Typing Component for the project which handles the WPM (Words Per Minute), timer, and displays the code the the user is currently typing. It includes many QOL (Quality of Life) features as well,  such as turning completed text green, highlighting mistakes in red, and underlining the current word that the user is on. I also helped in general with many other aspects of the project such as connecting the languages page with the typing component, starting the design document, and adjusting the typing component to allow for information to be sent from the languages page to the profile page. I also spent a lot of time helping teammates with how to work with react, github, and the internal workings of the the typing component. I also did a fair amount of pair programming with Zoey.

Zoey: I designed the overall UI and implement most the CSS of the frontend. I created the home page, language button page, the profile page and the display table of the CodeList. Hirish and I connected the frontend and backend so we are able to fetch from backend and routing function that generates a new page for each problem. Jeffrey and I connected the typing component and the routing page. Jason and I created the new profile page with the percentage chart to keep track of the user progress. I also implement all the tests for our project, created the google authentication API and wrote some of the required documentations for the lab.
